Modern technology has innovated the way teaching and learning can be in people¡¯s life. Online teaching system or platforms is a recent phenomenon and consequently it is controversial. In spite of the fact that both universities and students have embraced this new style of teaching and learning, there are still worries and concerns. Considering both sides, it is clear that online teaching system or platforms can help students achieve higher learning effectiveness despite its drawbacks.College students now enjoy greater benefits. Firstly, thanks to modern technology, learning online gives students access to a wider range of courses. With Internet access, a wide variety of courses, some of which are published by elite professors of top universities, have become accessible to students from all over the world. The online platform provides a far wider range of courses than that you would find in any school or college. Secondly, the flexibility and mobility given by the online teaching system makes students learn at any time anywhere in their convenience. They have great freedom of choice when they learn online. Thus, it reduces the amount of time they spend on commutes.On the other hand, online teaching and learning is much demanding and requires students¡¯ full commitment and independence. Admittedly, for those who are not self-disciplined and motivated, it is likely that they will end up with struggling with unsatisfactory results. Meanwhile, although online interaction with professors and partners is very convenient, it still cannot replace classroom¡¯s simultaneous facely communication. Thus, universities should work out methods to prevent the above mentioned problems that are likely to arise.In conclusion, with the greatest technological boom in education, online learning or MOOCS, is an irreversible trend. So, the question really is not ¡°Which one?¡± but rather, ¡°How can we combine both?¡± The answer is that each performs its own functions. Undoubtedly, this revolutionary practice in education will continuously have more far-reaching consequences and will dramatically reshape the nature of higher education.  